Reformatted VS Code documentation (#1601)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/ides/visual-studio-code/vscode-remote-dev-containers.md

---
type: docs

> title: "Visual Studio Code Remote Dev Containers"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Visual Studio Code remote dev containers"
```

> title: "Visual Studio Code Remote Dev Containers"

Reviewer 2: This seems like a "How To" doc. See other simialr pages. The title should reflect this is a page with instructions on how to setup VS Code with remote dev containers.

> linkTitle: "Visual Studio Code remote dev containers"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "Remote dev containers"
```

> linkTitle: "Visual Studio Code remote dev containers"

Reviewer 2: Can drop the words "Visual Studio Code" here

weight: 20000

> description:  "How to setup a remote dev container environment with Dapr"

Reviewer 3: I am not a fan of this title since it does not tell you what you can do. Can we call this something like "Developing Dapr applications with remote dev containers". I have always found it confusing just saying remote dev containers, since unless you know what they are, you do not know what they are useful for.

Author: Yeah you're totally right!

> description:  "Information on how to setup a remote dev environment"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description:  "How to setup a remote dev container environment with Dapr"
```

---

> The Visual Studio Code Remote Containers extension lets you use a Docker container as a full-featured development environment enabling you to [develop inside a container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) without installing any additional frameworks or packages to your local filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Visual Studio Code [Remote Containers extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) lets you use a Docker container as a full-featured development environment without installing any additional frameworks or packages to your local filesystem.
```

> Dapr has pre-built Docker remote containers for each of the language SDKs. You can pick the one of your choice for a ready made environment. Note these pre-built containers automatically update to the latest Dapr release.

Reviewer 3: Is this true? I thought this was only Node and C#? Is there one for Java, Node and Python? Please confirm.

Reviewer 3: As a follow up note to this, can we check that these are still valid and pull in the latest Dapr SDK when used? Check with Philip who generate these.

Author: Yeah you're right only Node and C#, I had just trusted the details that were in the current docs. And from my understanding of the code I believe so when I followed the procedures the Docker file didn't seem dapr version specific but i will ask Phillip since I should've confirmed!

### Setup a remote dev container

#### Prerequisites
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [VSCode Remote Development extension pack](https://aka.ms/vscode-remote/download/extension)

#### Create remote Dapr container
1. Open your application workspace in VS Code

> 2. In the command command palette (ctrl+shift+p) type and select `Remote-Containers: Add Development Container Configuration Files...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the command command palette (`CTRL+SHIFT+P`) type and select `Remote-Containers: Add Development Container Configuration Files...`
```
